In the Navy, you're exposed to some type of danger all the time. They
range in risks. So, most of the time, you're at pretty low risk but
it can range high. I know a friend of mine who was a Chief like I am
now but I was a first class when this happened. He was opening up a
load breaker and, I'm sorry he was opening a circuit breaker and he
was trying to check the high voltage of it and because they thought
that the machine was completely powered off, they took less protection
than they should have and many people were shocked when they actually
put the machine in a place that it wasn't supposed to go to and
he eventually wound up in the hospital, you know, burns all over his
body and I was exposed to things like that all the time. In fact,
as an electrician, you always are. Not all the time, not as much as
some of the higher level people are. If you are kind of new, they don't
expect you to work with high level equipment all the time. But
if you're, you know, first class or chief or senior chief or so forth,
then they expect you to, kind of, go in there and, kind of, do the
test that you're supposed to. For me, personally I remember going
into a breaker, that's where all of the, you know, the electricity and
the current is, the high level voltage is and when I checked, it
wasn't completely powered off. We didn't realize that at the time. So,
if I would have touched the wrong thing at the wrong time, then it
could have been an incident. However, we corrected the problem and
there wasn't really any big danger to me. Things like that are bound
to happen to many people because accidents happen.